Update snapshots.md (#6866)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/snapshots.md

      unique_key: order_id
      strategy: check
      check_cols:
        - status
        - is_cancelled
      updated_at: updated_at
```

In this example:

> - If there is any change in at least one of the specified `check_cols`, then a new row is created in the snapshot. If the provided `updated_at` column value is not null, it will be used; otherwise, the timestamp will be used"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is any change in at least one of the specified `check_cols`, then a new row is created in the snapshot. If the provided `updated_at` column value is not null, it will be used; otherwise, the timestamp will be used.
```

> - If there is any change in at least one of the specified `check_cols`, then a new row is created in the snapshot. If the provided `updated_at` column value is not null, it will be used; otherwise, the timestamp will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If at least one of the specified `check_cols `changes, the snapshot creates a new row. If the `updated_at` column has a value (is not null), the snapshot uses it; otherwise, it defaults to the timestamp.
```

- If `updated_at` isn’t set, then dbt automatically falls back to [using the current timestamp](#sample-results-for-the-check-strategy) to track changes.

> - Use this approach when your `updated_at` column isn't reliable for tracking record updates, but you still want to use it - rather than the snapshot's execution time - whenever row changes are detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use this approach when your `updated_at` column isn't reliable for tracking record updates, but you still want to use it &mdash; rather than the snapshot's execution time &mdash; whenever row changes are detected.
```
